well how did their internet people his
bow again so tonight I'm gonna say a
legend a conspiracy that has lasted
decades you're gonna get to hear Kennedy
conspiracy theory you've probably never
heard before so the legend says that in
1961 in fall of 1961 President Kennedy
met in private with selected Green
Berets men that he had personally chosen
and he made him take an oath and the
oath was that if the US government every
came tyrannical and he set our criteria
that they would use their skills to help
Americans fight back against the
tyrannical government and that they were
to take this out and pass it on to other
Green Berets so would stay alive and
stay within the institutional memory
that's cool that is a cool story kind of
heartwarming inside the Army's most
elite unit there is a secret
organization dedicated to keeping you
free from tyranny to liberate the
oppressed it's kind of cool is there any
evidence to support this theory
well October of 1961 is certainly fall
of 1961 and President Kennedy did in
fact travel to Fort Bragg Fort Bragg
happens to be home of the Green Berets
that's public record part of his travel
records he did in fact meet with a list
of men that he had personally chosen in
private nobody knows what was said
though two years later Kennedy is
assassinated November 22nd 46 Green
Berets depart Fort Bragg and head to DC
21 of them serve as Kennedy's honor
guard and that's weird
no president before or after has had
green berets is his honor guard that is
bizarre the other 25 we have no idea
what they did their orders aren't public
that's pretty common if you're doing
something sneaky you send a unit
somewhere half of them go do something
very public so everybody knows that's
really why they're there the other half
is off doing something sneaky now
according to the legend they were with
Jackie that's all it says nobody really
knows what they were doing we don't even
know if that happened now
the otter guard part there's a little
bit of a legend there too it says that
the honor guard stayed with Kennedy's
casket after everybody left and a fellow
named command sergeant major ruddy
removed his green beret set it on the
casket another version of the story says
all the other guys followed suit and
they put their green berets there too we
don't know if that happened it was just
them there according to legend but he
nowhere command sergeant major Reddy's
beret is today JFK Presidential Library
on display in fact it is the only
military display permanent military
display in the entire facility even
though Kennedy himself was in the Navy
it's weird
it is weird isn't it now you don't hear
anything about it nothing really
services nothing becomes public for a
couple of decades and then some clown
running some racist newsletter leaks
word of something called the Special
Forces underground and that sounds
spooky right
DoD thought so too so they investigated
they sent a team down to investigate
some team up to brag and well what they
found out what they released you can't
read the report it's secret but the
blurb they released was they've
investigated it and it's not a racist
organization it's not a racist
organization in order for them to
determine whether or not it was racist
it means it exists it's kind of cool now
this guy that ran this newsletter he was
not a green boy racism and the Green
Berets do not mix even during
segregation the Green Berets accepted
black soldiers with open arms there are
a lot of requirements to become a green
beret skintone didn't on the sheet
there's no check no no box to check for
that but this guy wasn't a green beret
but he taught at JFK JFK you know after
Kennedy died the Green Berets named
their training facility after him so
maybe he heard something it's all kind
of cool then there is one other weird
thing to this day a group of active-duty
Green Berets every year travels to
Kennedy's gravesite in a brief ceremony
puts a wreath on it no other president
gets that kind of attention is it true
making maybe it is no no
it's cool story it's cool legend so why
am I telling you all this
one of the criteria allegedly set out by
Kennedy was a suspension of habeas
corpus something our current president
is considering it was one of the
criteria because this is mentioned
baby's corpus is the end of the rule of
law that is what it is
there's no other way to put it I know
there's gonna be some from supporters
out there and they're gonna say well
he's got to do that to deal with the
migrants really if what they are doing
is illegal and they are illegals
as he likes to say why can't he just
prosecute him
I'll wait it's almost like what they're
doing isn't illegal it's almost like
that is exactly how you claim asylum and
they are following the law and as his
supporters like to contend if they're
they don't have rights because they're
not US citizens why would he need to
suspend habeas corpus it's because they
do have rights the second they set foot
on American soil
this migrant caravan like those that
have come for the last 15 years these
asylum seekers this isn't the national
emergency the suspension of habeas
corpuses though that is a threat to
national security it's a threat to your
very way of life I want you to think
back to everything that has happened
over the last 50 years are you telling
me that a group of unarmed refugees is
more of a threat to national security
then the Soviet Union was during the
Cold War when you actually put this into
perspective it's insane it's not silly
it's insane it's crazy the suspension of
habeas corpus is something that they
can't be tolerated and the fact that a
sitting president refuses to remove that
from the table of options it's ludicrous
it is ludicrous at this point you can
support your country or you can support
your president those are your options
the suspension of habeas corpus is an
affront to everything that this country
has ever stood for the rule of law will
be erased completely it's not hyperbole
there may be a lot of people out there
that don't really know what habeas
corpus means you need to look it up you
need to look it up you need to realize
exactly what it means for that to be
gone
you can watch this country turn into
another two-bit dictatorship or you can
kill this party politics that you're
playing this is dangerous anyway it's
just a legend maybe it's just a story
it's just thought y'all have a good
night